turn your eyes into hatred
So many years
I'm sorry for you.
Uncle Chen, our royal treatment is not poor
I have always treated you like family
If it weren't for my grandfather
Your grave grass is probably three feet tall now
A little kindness can't slip away from my waist all day long
Again
He was already sick
Why would he hide it from everyone?
Why should I use you to cause illness?
It turned out to be an unfamiliar white-eyed wolf.
Well, what if the queen lives a long life?
Early cirrhosis
It will definitely affect daily work
shut up
It's your say
What are you?
Just lucky enough to make a little money
Alright everyone
Where do I grow up?
It is no longer suitable for us to learn in this member
So I recommended my assistant to try it.
As the new president of the Chamber of Commerce
What are the virtues of the Xu family?
It will be stealing chickens
What qualifications does the emperor have?
To be my father's too